Update readme (#363)
apple/swift-syntax: README.md

# SwiftSyntax

SwiftSyntax is a set of Swift bindings for the
[libSyntax](https://github.com/apple/swift/tree/main/lib/Syntax) library. It
allows Swift tools to parse, inspect, generate, and transform Swift source
code.

Its API is designed for performance-critical applications. It uses value types almost exclusively and aims to avoid existential conversions where possible.

> Note: SwiftSyntax is still in development, and the API is not guaranteed to
> be stable. It's subject to change without warning.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should continue to include this in the main README because it gives a high-level overview of what the library does (or at least the best that we currently have).

Author: Moved this part, and the part above back to the main readme.

## Usage

### Declare SwiftPM dependency with release tag

Add this repository to the `Package.swift` manifest of your project:

```swift

> // swift-tools-version:5.3

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason to update the swift-tools-version? Doesn’t 5.2 work anymore?

Reviewer: Haha, of course. I was even the one who updated that package version. Thanks for catching it 👍

Replace `<#Specify Release tag#>` by the version of SwiftSyntax that you want to use (see the following table for mapping details).

| Xcode Release | Swift Release Tag | SwiftSyntax Release Tag  |
|:-------------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------------:|
| Xcode 13.0   | swift-5.5-RELEASE   | 0.50500.0 |
| Xcode 12.5   | swift-5.4-RELEASE   | 0.50400.0 |
| Xcode 12.0   | swift-5.3-RELEASE   | 0.50300.0 |
| Xcode 11.4   | swift-5.2-RELEASE   | 0.50200.0 |

Then, import `SwiftSyntax` in your Swift code.

> ### Documentation

Reviewer: This should probably be
```suggestion
## Documentation
```
to match the other headings.

> Documentation can be found [here](https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/blob/main/Documentation/README.md).

Reviewer: Maybe also reference the examples:
```suggestion
Documentation can be found [here](https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/blob/main/Documentation) and some examples of using SwiftSyntax can be found [here](https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/blob/main/Examples).
```
I would also reference the documentation directory instead of the REAMDE. It still renders the README quite prominently but you also have access to the other files in the directory that way.
